+++
title = "Best Life Tips"
date = 2016-03-06T09:37:00Z
updated = 2016-03-06T09:37:28Z
blogimport = true 
[author]
	name = "Pankaj"
	uri = "https://www.blogger.com/profile/12649611385928687519"
+++

<div dir="ltr"><span class=""><div class="">1. If the crowd goes one way, walk the other way. </div><div class="">2. Read a book every week. Not just fiction, but also non-fiction, self-help, fantasy, philosophy, metaphysics, psychology. </div><div class="">3.   Open your mind to a new genre of books every 2 months and force   yourself to read the best in that genre. If you like the book, pick up   similar books and read.</div><div class="">4. Watch one   critically acclaimed movie every week. Not just Hollywood, but also   French, German, Indian, Australian, British, Japanese, Chinese, Korean,   etc. </div><div class="">5. Open your mind to new genres of movies and movies of different countries every 2 months.</div><div class="">6. Lift weights and do resistance training atleast 4 times a week.</div><div class="">7. Try to stop eating any food with a commercial.</div><div class="">8.   Look at the ingredients before you buy something (for instance, Nutella   has almost 60-70% sugar, jam has around 48% sugar, and so on). Be   informed about what you feed your body.</div><div class="">9.   Don&#39;t listen to the people who say &quot;this is the age to eat&quot; when you&#39;re   in your teens and twenties. You can eat anything at any age if you build   your lifestyle around training your body well, and eating healthy,   nutritious food.</div><div class="">10. If someone says you   can&#39;t do something, and you want to do it (whether you think you can or   can&#39;t), go ahead and do it. Go ahead and have all the pleasure of   proving them wrong. (No sweeter pleasure on planet earth). </div><div class="">11. Sleep naked. </div><div class="">12. Cuddle with your beloved naked.</div><div class="">13.   Embrace your body as a whole. Don&#39;t slice it into different parts and   address some parts with pride and some parts with shame.</div><div class="">14.   Embrace your life as a whole. Don&#39;t slice it into different parts (of   present, past, and future) and stop addressing some parts of your life   with pride and some with shame (even if shame is what you feel about all   of it). </div><div class="">15. Stop constructing your body   to the standard of beauty set by people around you. Set your own   standard. Get fat if you want. Get fit if you want. Get shredded if you   want. Get muscular if you want. Squat regularly and get a big round butt   if that&#39;s what you want. Make sure you&#39;re ready to face the   consequences of whatever you choose to pursue after deciding you want it   (getting fat doesn&#39;t come with that many good consequences). On the   whole, stop living upto the standards other people set for you. Start   setting your own standards for yourself.</div><div class="">16.   Don&#39;t respect someone because they&#39;re elder to you. Stupid people get   older too. Respect human beings in general, regardless of the age -   that&#39;s basic courtesy. Anything beyond that must come from a place of   humility, empathy, and acceptance.</div><div class="">17. If   you&#39;re married (or if you&#39;re in a relationship), it doesn&#39;t matter where   you get your appetite, as long as you go home to eat. </div><div class="">18. Sometimes you can&#39;t have it all. Deal with it or go broke.</div><div class="">19. Sometimes you can&#39;t do it all. Do what you do best or see yourself failing trying to do everything at once.</div><div class="">20.   Sometimes - not having it all, not doing it all - have to do with   situations where you are not the only one involved - mostly   relationships. If it ain&#39;t making you both happy, leave.</div><div class="">21. Do something you love, for atleast 2 hours every day.</div><div class="">22.   Have a &quot;no-technology&quot; time from 4 hours before you go to bed. No   phones, no social media, no computers, no TV, nothing else. Just you,   probably books, or probably your friends/family/spouse/children, and just talk, eat, drink, and rejoice.</div><div class="">23. Drink in moderation. Preferably, stop drinking.</div><div class="">24.   Don&#39;t even think about smoking in moderation. NEVER smoke. Don&#39;t pick   it up even when a stupid so called &quot;friend&quot; dares you to. It&#39;s better   &quot;not to try&quot; some things even for once in a life time.</div><div class="">25. Walk around in nature atleast twice a week for one hour each time. </div><div class="">26. Say thanks to your food for nourishing you, before you eat it. </div><div class="">27.   Reserve 4 hours for complete radio silence one day per week. In those 4   hours, go to a serene and a peaceful place - in your home, or somewhere   outside, and sit silently - observe everything that&#39;s going on - both   inside as well as outside.</div><div class="">28. Take a lot of pictures.</div><div class="">29. Watch stand-up comedy, preferably half-an-hour every day. </div><div class="">30.   Learn an instrument that&#39;s not too mainstream, like Cello, Clarinet,   Saxophone, Mandolin, bluegrass guitar, etc. Doing this will rewire your   brain, and atleast an hour of practice every day will make you feel   peaceful, at ease, and excited to go about your work for the rest of the   day. Over the years, as you master the instrument, you&#39;ll also see your   sense of self-worth rising, your brain stretching, and you&#39;ll realize   you can do just about anything if you persist! </div><div class="">31. Teach the instrument, once you learn. Pass it on.</div><div class="">32.   Go to an orphanage or a children&#39;s hospital atleast once in two months.   Talk to them. Listen to their stories. Get some help for them if you   can.</div><div class="">33. Tell people you love, you love them.</div><div class="">34. More importantly, <b><i>show </i></b>people you love that you love them. </div><div class="">35. Don&#39;t take anyone for granted.</div><div class="">36. If someone isn&#39;t valuing you the way you know you deserve to be valued, walk away.</div><div class="">37. If you&#39;re an option in someone who&#39;s a priority to you, un-prioritize them.</div><div class="">38. Don&#39;t play games with someone&#39;s feelings. Be straight forward about how you feel.</div><div class="">39. If you know someone&#39;s manipulating you, either walk away, or confront them.</div><div class="">40.   If you know someone&#39;s been giving their all for you, with very little   in return from you, go out of your way to show them that you care, that   you know what it means. </div><div class="">41. Minimise the amount of technology you have.</div><div class="">42. Get a USB hub.</div><div class="">43. If you haven&#39;t worn something for over a year, give it away. </div><div class="">44. Don&#39;t buy anything if it is not immediately necessary or urgently needed. Simply put, don&#39;t buy anything for luxury. </div><div class="">45. Sponsor a girl child&#39;s education from kindergarten until she finishes her college. </div><div class="">46. If you&#39;re a man, shave every day, and cut your hair once in three months. Refer point 15, if you don&#39;t like this advice. </div><div class="">47. If you&#39;re a woman, you know what to do. ;) </div><div class="">48. Drink a gallon of water every day. </div><div class="">49. Kill your television.</div><div class="">50. Cook with Garlic.</div><div class="">51. Write down your blessings and what you&#39;re grateful for, every day before you begin the day.</div><div class="">52. Assume the best by default - in people, situations, and things. (With dogs, you don&#39;t even have to assume). </div><div class="">53. Get a dog (or a cat if you prefer cats). </div><div class="">54.   Go on a road trip once in 6 months at the least. Brownie points for   road-tripping somewhere you have never even remotely been to, in your   life.</div><div class="">55. Swallow your pride and ask for help, if you can&#39;t do it all by yourself.</div><div class="">56. Swallow your pride and let other people help you, if they offer to.   </div><div class="">57. Read poetry. You&#39;ll learn to see the beauty in the simplest of things.</div><div class="">58.   Don&#39;t take yourself too seriously. Don&#39;t take yourself too lightly   either. Maintain a balance of self-deprecating humor, and self-accepting   pride.</div><div class="">59. Put on a crazy-ass song, dance like it&#39;s your last day. Feel yourself getting high on the dance and the music.</div><div class="">60. Put on karaoke and sing on top of your voice. Sing out loud. </div><div class="">61. Cry. Cry out loud. Get it all out.</div><div class="">62. Laugh. Laugh out loud. Laugh as much as you can. Laugh as long as you want to. </div><div class="">63.   Cook for yourself twice a month. Whatever you want, pull a recipe, plan   beforehand, get the required groceries on the day prior, make them   ready, get up early, start cooking. (A nice jazz or classical background   music would top it all!)</div><div class="">64. Stay away from &#39;Normal&#39;. </div><div class="">65. Delete the assholes from your life - even if it is someone in family.</div><div class="">66. Drink a shot of red-wine after dinner (50ml).</div><div class="">67. Call your parents at least once a week.</div><div class="">68. Visit them at least once a month.</div><div class="">69.   Stay unplugged and disconnected from the society for atleast 1 week   every 6 months (while 1 week every 2 months would be awesome). How?   Probably go camping without any technology or gadgets with you. Eat,   sleep, make out, make love,  read stories, read books (not kindle,   actual books!), tell stories, make up stories, talk about the universe,   talk about time-travel, talk about aliens, talk about sex, talk about   interstellar, talk about anything, cuddle up, make out again, sleep,   wake up again, watch the stars, make a wish on a falling star, do   something impulsive, explore each other, or just explore your inner-self   (if you&#39;re alone). </div><div class="">70. Don&#39;t be a doormat. </div><div class="">71. Observe more than you expose. </div><div class="">72. Give to yourself before you give to others (mainly love). </div><div class="">73. When you give to others, give unconditionally. </div><div class="">74.   Don&#39;t lend money, especially to friends. If you&#39;re gonna give money to   friends, consider it as a gift you give to your friend. Otherwise,   you&#39;ll lose your friend more often than not.</div><div class="">75. Speak good things about anyone you speak of. Filter out the bad things. </div><div class="">76. Take only the good things when others talk about someone else. Filter out the bad things.</div><div class="">77. Stop hanging out around the &quot;complainers&quot; - those who always have something to complain about.</div><div class="">78.   Stop posting statuses indirectly for someone on whatsapp or facebook.   If you have the guts, tell them directly. Otherwise, do away with it.   Don&#39;t be stupid.</div><div class="">79. Stop discussing your   problems. Most people are glad you have them. The rest just don&#39;t care.   There&#39;s no point. Either deal with it, or just stop worrying.</div><div class="">79.   Stop discussing your goals. Most people won&#39;t help you with your goals   when you need something. Some people get jealous. The rest don&#39;t even   care.</div><div class="">80. Cry as much as you want. But make sure that&#39;s the last time you cry for whatever you&#39;re crying for.</div><div class="">81. Laugh as much as you want. But make sure that&#39;s not the last time you laugh about what you&#39;re laughing about.</div><div class="">82. Once a week, don&#39;t look at the clock for an entire day. Just do what you love or what you want to do.</div><div class="">83. Leave the country if you&#39;re not happy here.</div><div class="">84. Stop watching porn. Start going out - if you&#39;re single. Explore tantra - if you&#39;re in a relationship.</div><div class="">85.   Let your children play. Let your kids be kids. Give them a vast canvas   for them to paint in - both literally, and metaphorically.</div><div class="">86.   Listen to a different genre of music every month. Open your mind to   different genres and force yourself to listen to them for one month or   until you want to explore more. If you don&#39;t like it even after one   month, stop. If you love it after one month or even before that, explore   more of that genre.</div><div class="">87. Start journaling -   your day&#39;s life, and your night&#39;s dreams. Keep a separate journal for   writing about the dreams you get while asleep, write them as soon as   you&#39;re awake, as much as you can remember. Slowly you&#39;ll develop   lucidity, and you can even explore lucid dreams, astral projection, etc.   </div><div class="">88. Talk to people who aren&#39;t like you - people with an opposite mindset, opposite lifestyle, etc. Learn what makes them tick. </div><div class="">89. Love him/her like he/she can be taken away from you any moment now.</div><div class="">90. Treat him/her like he/she is gonna be with you until the end of your universe.</div><div class="">91. Put 50% of your income away in savings before you spend on anything. </div><div class="">92.   Once a month, indulge in a DIY activity, a project of sorts, and   involve everyone in your family - your kids, wife, yourself, parents,   and anyone in your family who&#39;s present at your home that day. Rejoice,   eat well, dine fine, drink wine, sing karaoke, tell stories, at the end   of the day, as the mark of celebrating the completion of the project.</div><div class="">93. Go and play outside with your kids. If you&#39;re a kid, just go and play outside.</div><div class="">94.   Soak in the sweat, enjoy the summer, dance in the rain, enjoy the   shower, with a cup of tea and book by the windowsill, enjoy the winter! </div><div class="">95.   Be present in the moment. Don&#39;t wish for something in the future now -   you&#39;ll wish for something else there in the future, when you have what   you want for future now. So, start practicing relishing the moment,   while working for what you want. You&#39;ll always be happy.</div><div class="">96. Be grateful for what you have. Most people don&#39;t have what you have. </div><div class="">97. Be grateful also for what you don&#39;t have. Most people suffer by having what you don&#39;t have - either directly or indirectly.</div><div class="">98. Spend time not money on your kids.</div><div class="">99. Spend time and money equally on your wife. </div><div class="">100. Always give your best in anything you do.</div><div class="">101. Always do more than you intended to. </div><hr class=""></span></div>  
