+++
title = "The Successful interview"
date = 2014-10-08T11:41:00Z
updated = 2014-10-08T11:41:38Z
blogimport = true 
[author]
	name = "Pankaj"
	uri = "https://www.blogger.com/profile/12649611385928687519"
+++

<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;" trbidi="on">It all began at night. I was preparing for aptitude test for the D-day ahead. Did everything i could in that small time gap. It was indeed worth to wait in college and study "strength of materials"(S.O.M) with my classmates. The fear of S.O.M vanished with that. Then i went to sleep but did not sleep well.<br /><br />Woke up before 0400hrs , even before alarm rang. As i did not wanted to get out of bed i sneaked deep inside the bedsheets for comfort. After some time my mother&nbsp; woke up following that i left the warmth of bed.<br /><br />Did my chores as usual and went out to catch the 0520hrs bus, Just-in-time. Luckily i got it. Studied welding on mobile in the bus. Reached station and bought Bandra return ticket for Mumbai local. I boarded the train with a known person from my locality who too was heading for same station. He taught me how to catch the earliest train in western line where rush is sumptuous. We reached the station and he showed me the auto stand in west side in case i wanted to board one. I thanked him and we departed. I reached the bus stop and asked one of my friend over phone about the BEST bus to board. Out of confusion i asked a ticket checker who directed me to a bus which was about to move.<br />Bandra is such a posh and picnic spot. Reached the venue well in advance, nearly 1 hour before the scheduled time. After that something happened which is not worth mentioning here. But, it kept me occupied till all my classmates arrived. We chose to use the staircase to reach the 9th floor of venue building as lift was crowded.<br />Then we went inside the seminar hall where we waited for a long time. It was nearly a sleeping atmosphere of air conditioned periphery with well cushioned seats. The panel arrived and started the session after some time.<br /><br />The pre-placement talk was very fast forwarded. It showed what the company was boasting itself for. Then an experienced personality introduced us with the technical offering by the company and he was a contributor in MOM(mission to Mars, India) .<br />We sat for mechanical aptitude test comprising of 60 questions in 40 minutes. Then a general aptitude test of 40 questions in 15 minutes. The questions were very easy. The only thing that pinched was time. Anyways, i managed to complete a large portion of it.<br /><br />Then came the result of the test for which i was declared clear. Ten we did with some form filling and creative writing and ended up with lunch. After lunch my interview was supposed to be there.<br />/////////The Interview////////////<br />I remembered one thing while waiting for my turn that i was rejected thrice at this stage just for being synthetic and not natural. I breathed deeply and was calm within seconds. My turn came and i entered confidently inside. I was asked to sit and to tell him about my family background.<br /><br />rest in next session...... </div>
