+++
title = "Trip to IIT madras : part B"
date = 2017-05-02T19:09:00Z
updated = 2017-05-02T19:09:04Z
blogimport = true 
[author]
	name = "Pankaj"
	uri = "https://www.blogger.com/profile/12649611385928687519"
+++

Disclaimer: This is flow of my mind &amp; not a well maintained piece of writing.<br><br><br>At office I told everything exactly. Two days interview &amp; test and I will be absent. I did this because we had an understanding &amp; agreement before I was rolled in that I will be leaving as soon as I get masters opprtunity.<br><br>Anyways, the milkman milking cow is curious about how much time she will not give milk &amp; how often. So he asked likewise and got his answers which seemed satisfactory.<br><br><br>So, Saturday evening I rushed from office at 05:15 PM sharp. Harish sir wished me luck. I wonder which way he wanted although his wishes were true.<br>I got a fast train from Dadar to Thane. In the way I was calculating time I would be spending at home to catch a bus to Chennai at 09:00 PM.<br>Luckily I got a bus very soon to home from Thane station.<br>I reached home &amp; felt like I was returning after just a day at office. (I moved to kanjurmarg few days ago)<br>Relaxed a little &amp; asked my mother how she was doing.(She was ill since a few days) I was planning to take the same shirt and trousers which I came with from office. My mother and sister were insisting to wear a better one on that day. After a lot of persuation I gave up &amp; a white shirt was water sprayed and pressed to be packed.<br><br>I took a bath for last time since for 2-3 days I won&#39;t be able to.<br>Sabzi was to come from outside today &amp; I waited for it. When it came &amp; I was finished eating it was already around 7:55 PM. It takes 30 minutes each from bus &amp; then by local train to reach bus stop at vashi, that too if I got them as soon I approached their stops. I was therefore advised to catch a rickshaw instead and rush to station. My younger brother came to drop me as far as I could get a rickshaw. I got it within 100 meters &amp; boarded it. But my luck would not be that good at each mode of transport. A sense of urgency flowing in me knew that if bus maintained exact time of departure I would miss it for sure. I quickly took my mobile out &amp; installed uber, booked it at a nearby point and waited anxiously to board it.<br>The taxi started fast but the driver hinted that it will be late. I phoned the bus &amp; enquired about its location. It was little bit far away &amp; I knew that it will hit traffic jams on its way. This buyed me some time. The drive also milked the situation for a quick refuelling. This made me a little nervous as I was on moving cut to cut with time. I ensured myself that I will call the driver to wait for five more minutes in case I missed it. <br><br>The driver was an interseting person to talk to. Upon asking he told that taxi business was not going that good even though he had ola &amp; uber driver membership due to boom in number of cars available.<br>He recited a couple of accident scenerios he had in his career. This kept me occupied from overthinking.<br><br>I reached vashi plaza junction &amp; started rushing to bus stop. I was confused about the exact location as I boarded a bus to Banglore 100 meters farther than the driver&#39;s instructed place. I paused my thinking cycle a little &amp; relied upon the words of driver. Upon waiting I met with another co-passenger to my relief.<br>The bus got delayed by massive 55 minutes &amp; I waited for it for around 25 minutes. That saved my trip. The bus was boarded soon.<br><br>:::::::::::::::::<br>Part C in drafts:<br>:::::::::::::::::<br>  
