+++
title = "Uhde India aptitude test , interview "
date = 2014-08-21T12:35:00Z
updated = 2014-08-21T12:35:12Z
blogimport = true 
[author]
	name = "Pankaj"
	uri = "https://www.blogger.com/profile/12649611385928687519"
+++

<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;" trbidi="on">NOTE:<br />The&nbsp; below writing is for my personal diary purpose and treating it as a public article might not be suitable. you may find that its written very roughly. It can be for reference for candidates trying for Uhde India Pvt. Ltd<br /><br /><br />Q: tell me about yourself<br />A:&nbsp; i am pankaj kumar. my father was in Indian navy and i am 2nd graduating engineer in my clan. i like mechanical engineering because its very much visible in the real world and it answers many day to day questions<br /><br />Q: why dint u joined Indian navy<br />A: because of my little finger<br /><br />Q: do u have any problem while doing anything with hand<br />A: whatever u can do,i can do. its normal, no problem at all<br /><br />Q: what are your favorite subjects<br />A: thermodynamics, thermal. materials science<br /><br />Q: what is normalizing?<br />A: heating above some temperature, i think 723C, (he was confused) holding at that temperature and cooling in air<br />Q: is it really 723C?<br />A: yes<br /><br />Q:what is annealing?<br />A: only difference, its cooled in furnace itself<br /><br />Q: what type of grain structure in normalizing?<br />A: coarse as compared to annealing as its cooled faster<br /><br />Q: what about annealing?<br />A: finer grain&nbsp; is obtained<br /><br />Q: what is formula for hoop stress?<br />A: its (p*d)/(2*something). [what is that something ,he didn't asked but it was on his face]<br /><br />Q: formula for bending stress?<br />A: sigmaB=M/Z<br /><br />Q: what is this Z?<br />A: shear modulus<br /><br />Q: whats shear modulus?<br />A: i was blank<br /><br />Q: (he drew a figure of L section in two rotated views and asked) which has maximum shear modulus?<br />A: i said i don't know but&nbsp; know that bending will be maximum in one of the figures. (there was a confusion in the figure he drew)<br />&nbsp;&nbsp; i said that Z is dependent on I and I is different for each geometry. (then it suddenly clicked me). Since the geometries are same I and Z will be same. (he agreed)<br /><br />Q: can we weld aluminum and stainless steel<br />A: no idea sir.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />HR interview<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Q: tell me about yourself?<br />A:&nbsp; my father was in Indian navy , mother house wife<br /><br />Q: tell me about extra curricular activities<br />A: participated in junkyard wars(described the whole process)<br /><br />Q: any projects?<br />A: told about mechatronics project. " I was involved in the project from beginning till end (she said , u were alone involved in it?) to which i replied that no. But , i conceived the idea and was there from beginning till end.<br /><br />Q: any conclusion regarding that?<br />A: i knew where it failed(told about problem in temperature sensor) and also because of insufficient knowledge in electronics, it failed.<br /><br />Q: Any other project?<br />A: i said final year and told the topic ,"vibration modal analysis of beams"(she was least interested in that)<br /><br />Q: what do you family and friends think about yourself?<br />A: (i was fumbled and searching for words in my head) i said that they think i am studious and can achieve great heights in my life<br /><br />Q: do u think being studious is helpful?<br />A: yes, i said. (but was still searching for reasons with aaah ummmm and all that sounds up) then finally said that then only u can read from literature and grab knowledge as being studious.<br /><br />Q: what is your greatest achievement?<br />A: i liked computer engg. in 12th as i was prone to computer at my home. After joining mechanical i saw much. items like lathe machine and all that. So, i was attracted towards it. now i am proud to be a mechanical engineer.<br /><br />Q: OK, thank u!<br />{we shook hands and i departed}<br /><br />my mouth was dry after speaking for aso long<br /><br />i decided that my past performance is not that lucrative or good.<br />Also feel like some of my work is still remaining(i had decided to learn it all of mechanical engineering and become a deserving candidate)<br />i will have to pull up socks and achieve this great feat<br /><br />improvement areas:<br />technical knowledge (S.O.M , production , material science)<br />interview (prepare thoroughly for HR interview, u failed there!)<br />Don't forget the aptitude test. keep improving as you had just crossed the boundary in Uhde India's interview</div>
